Incoming livestream: Great. So, hey everyone, it's great to see you all. I'm Andrew, I'm the head of the AI security team at Stripe.
Incoming livestream: And I've been at Stripe for about 10 years now, and, I mean, I guess a lot of people ask me why I'm still here. Unfortunately, I'm a nerd who loves solving problems, and I've yet to find another, way to keep my ADHD brain entertained.
Incoming livestream: But in these 10 years, I've lived through, you know, many product launches, many reorgs,
Incoming livestream: you know, the slow, dignified graying of Patrick's hair. And I can honestly say that this moment
Incoming livestream: Sort of this work in security, in this age of AI is some of the most exciting work that, you know, I've, I've experienced in my entire career. And so, I am here to talk to you about the, possibly most exciting and also most terrifying…
Incoming livestream: aspect of, being in this new AI age, which is prompt injection, and sort of the approaches that we're taking at Stripe to mitigating the risk there.
Incoming livestream: So, we have an elephant in the room. You know, I think in this community, we spend a lot of time thinking and talking about prompt injection, but I find that most people working in AI are sort of scrupulously avoiding it.
Incoming livestream: You know, given the AI hype cycle, all the focus on building things really, really fast, there's not a lot of consideration of risk. We're very much back in a move-fast-and-break-things era.
Incoming livestream: And it's just easier for a lot of companies to pretend prompt injection doesn't exist and hope there won't be a problem, which ultimately means just letting the user, you know, beware the risk to them. You know, see, open claw, of course.
Incoming livestream: And so, while I'm sure everyone here, you know, understands prompt injection quite well, I've actually been very surprised at how many other, you know, people in AI, you know, experienced AI developers, you know, startup founders, tech executives that I talk to only have a really vague understanding of what prompt injection is.
Incoming livestream: Because ultimately, prompt induction is a really inconvenient risk. And that's why I think we as a security, you know, as security practitioners have a really important
Incoming livestream: responsibility to show to the industry that not only is it, you know, a real risk, but it does not actually, mean that we can't move fast on AI. We need to help
Incoming livestream: you know, all of our companies, you know, the people building AI move fast while not YOLOing security.
Incoming livestream: So, you know, I'm sure a lot of you have, seen this graph from last year about failure rates, in resisting prompt ejection attacks.
Incoming livestream: You know, models are getting better, but I think in security, you know, even a 1%, even a 0.1% failure chance to attack is not enough. So we need something better. We need something better than just, relying on the models.
Incoming livestream: And also, this is not a future problem. Another elephant that is hiding behind the first elephant is that we don't really know, especially with consumers, how prevalent prompt ejection attacks are, and we don't know how prevalent that they are gonna be in the future. But I personally believe that,
Incoming livestream: You know, once again, looking at things like Open Claw, things are gonna get a lot worse before they get better.
Incoming livestream: So what do we do? You know, how do we protect our companies from the risks of prompt injection?
Incoming livestream: Well, I have a confession to make. I am not here to announce a magical technical solution that allows us to solve prompt injection without any risk.
Incoming livestream: I'm gonna tell you something that you probably already know, which is that we basically have to assume prompt injections will happen.
Incoming livestream: And prevent compromised agents from causing harms,
Incoming livestream: Compromised agents from causing harm when they do happen.
Incoming livestream: But I will share with you a set of architectural controls that we have built at Stripe that serve as guardrails to prevent those bad things from happening when prompt injection does happen.
Incoming livestream: But the guardrails are really only a small part of the story.
Incoming livestream: what happens when you put these guardrails in place is that there are negative impacts on, sort of, what agents can do. There's friction for users.
Incoming livestream: addressing those problems is really what takes, sort of a technical solution into a workable solution for your business. And, you know, that's sort of the real work, I think, in many cases, of security practitioners.
Incoming livestream: This is sort of, ultimately, a security leadership talk. You know, when practicing security engineering, you know, step one is the threat model, step two is the mitigation, but importantly, step three is figuring out how to put in place the mitigation in a way that the business still can achieve its goal.
Incoming livestream: And so with prompt injection, the interesting part is what happens, after we put in place the guardrails? How do we enforce it? And, you know, what do we do to make it so that agents can still be powerful?
Incoming livestream: And so I'm gonna, tell you a little bit about how we've tried to navigate this sort of frothy, FOMO-driven world, while still remaining secure.
Incoming livestream: Cool. So, what are the controls? Okay. Well, first let's start with data exfiltration, one of the two bad things that can happen when you get prompt injected. I'm sure you're all familiar with the lethal trifecta, you know, this term coined by Simon Willison. You know, there are three things that a agent needs in order to,
Incoming livestream: exfiltrate data if it gets prompt-injected. One is untrusted content.
Incoming livestream: Untrusted content is really not feasible in most cases, I think, for us to,
Incoming livestream: you know, remove as a guardrail. You know, first of all.
Incoming livestream: A big part of why LLMs are useful in the first place is you can just throw a bunch of stuff at them, and they will figure out what to do.
Incoming livestream: And beyond that, you know, attackers have been very, very creative in figuring out, ways to sneak prompt injections into places you wouldn't think to look for untrusted content.
Incoming livestream: Similarly, there's private data, and while there are totally many applications that don't need private data to work,
Incoming livestream: there are a lot that do, and certainly at Stripe, we have a lot, you know, whether it's support tickets, emails, etc, many, many agents need private data, which means that there's really only one leg of the legal trifecta that we can focus on for mitigating prompt injection risk, which is egress.
Incoming livestream: So, our focus has been, from a guardrail perspective, very much on preventing egress, which, one is egress to the public internet, just making general web requests. And then there's another sneaky one, which is being really careful about how you talk to third parties. You know, a very easy way to exfiltrate data would be writing it to a public Google Doc with a Google Doc tool.
Incoming livestream: So that's guard wheel one, preventing egress.
Incoming livestream: Second, unfortunately, there isn't a, you know, term officially for, the things that you need in order to have prompt injection, deal damage by taking a sensitive action, but I guess, lacking something better, I will call this the lethal bifecta.
Incoming livestream: And essentially, we're in the same boat, where,
Incoming livestream: Preventing untrusted content is not really that feasible for most agents. So instead, we focus on, preventing agents from unilaterally taking sensitive actions. Sensitive is very load-bearing here,
Incoming livestream: Generally, the rule of thumb that I say is that anything that is a production right or extra… like a, broad communication or sending a message are the big things that we think of as sensitive actions.
Incoming livestream: So, great, problem solved, we have our guardrails.
Incoming livestream: Unfortunately, these guardrails cause problems. They cause agents to be less useful, and worse, they cause agents to be very annoying. I'm sure everyone here has had a very similar experience using Claude code for the first time, where,
Incoming livestream: you know, Claude is constantly asking, can I do this, can I do this, can I do this? And it really is a bad user experience. You just start trying to, you know, find where in the settings you can enable dangerously skip permissions. So we really need to address these pain points if we want, these guardrails to be adoptable.
Incoming livestream: So let's start with egress controls.
Incoming livestream: You know, the common thing that I heard a lot of when I was like, hey, we need to make it so our agents can't egress to the public internet is, like, wait, you know, we need to be able to do research, we need access to public internet data. The key thing here is that what these agents generally need is not the ability to make an arbitrary HTTP request, what they need is the ability to get data from the internet. So the solution that we came to here is to offer a safe search.
Incoming livestream: We build this on OpenAI's search, but, you know, there are other ways to do this. But the key thing here is you need to make it so that the search does not itself
Incoming livestream: trigger egress. So there's a setting in OpenAI Web Search, external web access false, that you set so that you can make a request for a search, and it'll just serve the results to you out of the cache, and it won't,
Incoming livestream: you know, you prevent the data from being egressed by your agent, and instead it just gets egressed by OpenAI. That's not, like…
Incoming livestream: Really making anything any safer.
Incoming livestream: So second is, how you, handle SaaS. So, you know, we say, hey, we have to be careful about egress, and then people are like, well, I have an MCP for my SaaS app, can't I just hook up the MCP? That's fine, right? We trust our SaaS.
Incoming livestream: And that's sort of true, but also sort of not true.
Incoming livestream: the way that we have approached, you know, preventing, SaaS from being a data exfiltration vector is through proxying. We have a central MCP server at Stripe called Toolshed. Basically, when we want to hook up a third-party SaaS, we will…
Incoming livestream: proxy, basically, the connection through that central server, and then that gives us a place where we can write rules, like.
Incoming livestream: don't allow connections to tenants that are not Stripe.
Incoming livestream: When you're, writing data to Google Docs or Figma or whatever.
Incoming livestream: And ultimately, this actually offers a better experience for the user, because then they only need to worry about connecting to one MCP server with their app.
Incoming livestream: And so second, we have, the human confirmation friction.
Incoming livestream: This is an area, I think, that there really needs to be a lot more user experience, research, but at a high level, I think of there being, like, 3 main problems, when you're doing human confirmation flow.
Incoming livestream: One is that, like, especially in this sort of Claude Code-esque world that we are in now, the fact that the confirmation dialogue stops the agent in its tracks is a major problem. You really want to be able to start an agent doing its work and let it, you know, churn along until it's done, and then come back to it.
Incoming livestream: Second is review fatigue, you know, see Claude code asking you to run find. And, third is rubber stamping. You know, with enough review fatigue, people are just gonna mash confirm on any confirmation dialogues.
Incoming livestream: So, as we've been looking at the UX for this, I think that, probably the core of how we can make this a lot better for users is batching confirmations. There are a lot of, like, writes and commands that you might want to do that don't really actually need to happen instantaneously for the agent to continue making forward progress, so we can just let these stack up on the side and let the user come back to these later.
Incoming livestream: Secondly, there are a lot of, rights where you can just do the right and then offer the user the opportunity to revert it later, and that's, like, a perfectly reasonable compromise to make sure that the agent can't, you know, do some irreversible harm.
Incoming livestream: And then also, as we, sort of continue to get into, you know, more sophisticated policy, there are a lot of options around having an LLM as a second reviewer to make sure that people aren't rubber-stamping things to, you know, quickly tell the agent that it's trying to do something bad.
Incoming livestream: You know, without needing to involve the human.
Incoming livestream: So, lastly, how do we enforce this all? This is, like, very challenging when you have many, many people, writing agents in, different frameworks, across, your ecosystem.
Incoming livestream: For egress, fortunately, we're in really good shape here at Stripe because we have a strong egress control program that predated, sort of, the world of AI agents. We have an open source repository called Smokescreen that we use for a lot of this.
Incoming livestream: Essentially the approach here is, one, tag any service that is an AI agent. This is actually not very hard, because we know that to be an agent, you need to talk to foundation models. We have a proxy for this, but you could use, you know, whether your service talks to Bedrock or whatever as a way of doing this. And then once you have a tag on the services that are agents, you know where your egress proxy service is.
Incoming livestream: where you know how your firewall is configured, you can just write CI checks that say, if this is an agent, you can't configure egress without some, you know, escalated review process to make sure it's following, sort of the principles of, you know, preventing data exfiltration. So that's essentially what we do at Stripe.
Incoming livestream: So, for guardrails, things are a little bit more complicated.
Incoming livestream: At Stripe, we have sort of two main places that people are writing tools. Either you're writing inline tools in the agent framework, or you're writing tools that are in our central MCP service. And our approach here is that we require annotations on every tool with, you know, nice human-readable properties like production impacting write, or broadcast data internally. And then based on these annotations, you can determine whether the tool needs to have some sort of human in the loop
Incoming livestream: review. And by sort of centralizing this through a framework, you can have a central UX framework that is used for
Incoming livestream: You know, doing those reviews and sort of improving the experience on it over time.
Incoming livestream: Things are getting more complicated here, though, because, you know, I've heard it said by certain people that MCP is dead. Maybe not true, but increasingly, agents don't need special tools, they'll just write their own code and hit their own
Incoming livestream: you know, hit random APIs on your existing services. So what do we do here? This is, like, work that is in progress right now, but the approach that we're looking at here is essentially proxying the connections coming out of agents, out of their sandboxes, and then using that as a choke point where you can similarly have annotations on the API endpoints that the agents are talking to, and determine which ones are sensitive, which
Incoming livestream: Which ones need, additional, review by the, the operator?
Incoming livestream: So yeah, to wrap up, we basically de-risk prompt injection by assuming it will happen and preventing damage. You know, two risks, data exfiltration and harmful actions. Data exfiltration, the key control is preventing egress and making sure that SaaS isn't a sneaky way to do egress.
Incoming livestream: We solve pain points here with, safe web search and proxying of SaaS, and we use CI time controls on egress settings as our enforcement mechanism for preventing harmful actions. Human review is the key constraint. We use annotations in order to ensure things have human review, and trigger automatic human in the loop, but we need to work hard to ensure that
Incoming livestream: the user experience of the human in-the-loop flow is good, and things like batching, reverts, you know, software and LLM-driven, checks that can happen without the human being involved, all can be applied to make this better.
Incoming livestream: So that's it, that's what we built.
Incoming livestream: But at some level, what I really want you to take away from this is that security isn't just about figuring out the secure way to do things, it's about helping your organization figure out how to accomplish, their goals in a secure way. And, you know, it is slightly terrifying to see all the offensive talks of ways that, you know, AI is making it easier to attack things, but it's also been really.
Incoming livestream: exciting to see the ways in which… I think we can expect security to be much better in the near future, once we have agents really doing all of this detailed analysis of our code on an ongoing basis.
Incoming livestream: But in order to get there, we need to make it past this sort of turbulent, high-risk era that we're in. And basically, all of us in this room are the ones that need to help our organizations do it. So, thank you.
Incoming livestream: Questions?
Incoming livestream: We've got one back there. While I'm walking back, I'll start with one. Sure.
Incoming livestream: You put a lot of effort into improving the pain points around
Incoming livestream: sort of human-in-the-loop reviews. Do you find that there's any value in sort of aggregating any of that at the group or team level? Are teams, like, typically running into the same sorts of problems, or is it sort of, like, person or no review at all? I think we're probably gonna get there. We're pretty early in this. A lot of the UX experimentation is, like, very, you know, very early on. We're early on in the experimentation process.
Incoming livestream: but I think in general, trying to find ways to,
Incoming livestream: you know, make it so that people need to stop less, fewer checks, fewer reviews need to be made, while ensuring that human judgment is applied at the right time is going to be sort of the North Star here.
Incoming livestream: Awesome, thank you. Quick question, do you still find the value in doing, like, threat meddling to stop, like, prompt ejections, at least partially, as you design systems? Yeah, I think that there is 100% a place for, you know, detective and,
Incoming livestream: Sort of other types of controls that, sort of are not,
Incoming livestream: you know, guarantees. I think especially for, sort of, customer-facing products and stuff like that, that is gonna be important, but, like, ultimately, I guess, because we're not at the point where we can fully trust that, we really want to lean on these more deterministic, architectural controls.
Incoming livestream: Thank you.
Incoming livestream: Alright, we will continue with securing agents at large digital native companies.